%- http://global.oup.com/us/companion.websites/9780199397129/student/chapt11/multiplechoice/

Which one of the following is a part of every game theory model?
  a. Players 
  b. Payoffs 
  c. Probabilities 
  d. Strategies 

In game theory, a choice that is optimal for a firm no matter what its competitors do is referred to as
  a. the dominant strategy. 
  b. the game-winning choice. 
  c. super optimal. 
  d. a gonzo selection. 

Which of the following circumstances in an industry will result in a Nash equilibrium?
  a. All firms have a dominant strategy and each firm chooses its dominant strategy. 
  b. All firms have a dominant strategy, but only some choose to follow it. 
  c. All firms have a dominant strategy, and none choose it. 
  d. None of the above is correct. 

Which of the following describes a Nash equilibrium?
  a. A firm chooses its dominant strategy, if one exists. 
  b. Every competing firm in an industry chooses a strategy that is optimal given the choices of every other firm. 
  c. Market price results in neither a surplus nor a shortage. 
  d. All firms in an industry are earning zero economic profits. 

A prisoners' dilemma is a game with all of the following characteristics except one. Which one is present in a prisoners' dilemma?
  a. Players cooperate in arriving at their strategies. 
  b. Both players have a dominant strategy. 
  c. Both players would be better off if neither chose their dominant strategy. 
  d. The payoff from a strategy depends on the choice made by the other player. 

In game theory, a situation in which one firm can gain only what another firm loses is called a
  a. nonzero-sum game. 
  b. prisoners’ dilemma. 
  c. zero-sum game. 
  d. cartel temptation.
 
Which of the following is a nonzero-sum game?
  a. Prisoners’ dilemma 
  b. Chess 
  c. Competition among duopolists when market share is the payoff 
  d. All of the above. 

Which of the following is a zero-sum game?
  a. Prisoners’ dilemma 
  b. Chess 
  c. A cartel member’s decision regarding whether or not to cheat 
  d. All of the above. 
